Language name :	SIPE	Structureless Interpreted Procedural Evaluator
OR:		FUSE	Flexible Unstructured Stream Evaluator



Notes : 
	- Uses high level (litteral) words for dictionary keys
	- Uses (machine) word for dictionary data
	- Main function (of importance) : coreUpdate
	- The source (string / stream) is needed throughout a program execution
	- The source is not modified by the execution flow (but can be rewritten / dict redef)
	- Language is untyped, unstructured, concatenative (reversed) and reflective

Comments:
	It is a mix of bash, forth and lisp (being mainly stackless forth operating on strings and not trees of <static> words)



		NEED TO IMPLEMENT A TOKENIZER ASAP





OLD README:



Language name :	GUSE | GUUSE	(General purpose / Generic) (Untyped / Unstructured) (String / Stream) (Evaluator)	Pronounced 'Goose' (IPA : /'gu:s/)



SHLL or Simple High Level Language
is a high interpreted programming language that should be used
mainly for scripting. 
Its main purpose is being simple and extensible.

The whole documentation is located under the "doc" folder whereas the source is located under the "src" folder.
The current implementation is written is pure ANSI C, which should be supported by most compilers on most platforms.
This implementation, however, requires a UNIX system, being Linux or UNIX like system (BSD, MacOS...).

Feel free to edit / redistribute this code and its documentation.



Running the Makefile (using the command "make") will generate an executable located in the source folder.
This target application is named "main.elf". The command "make run" will run this executable with no default parameter.
Note that those parameters can me easily modified int the makefile itself.
The "make clean" command will delete thne generated executable.



A list with example of all the currently implemented language instructions under the "doc" directory.
Keep in mind that those instructions should be defined according to the language specification and not the implementation.
All newly created instruction should be documented in the according documentation files under the "doc" folder.
